Remove maximum Python version limit (#917)
numba/llvmlite: README.rst

Compatibility
=============

> llvmlite works with Python 3.8 and greater. We attempt to test with the lastest
> Python version that is available in CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
llvmlite works with Python 3.8 and greater. We attempt to test with the latest
Python version, this can be checked by looking at the public CI builds.
```
Perhaps this?

Author: Sure.
